---
title: A Red Door, a Late Halloween Adventure 
author: JM
date: '2019-11-03 13:00:00'
slug: halloween-adventure
categories:
  - actual plays
tags: []
description: ''
dropCap: yes
displayInMenu: no
displayInList: yes
resources:
  name: featuredImage
  src: ''
  params:
    description: ''
---

## Introduction

October! Halloween! Well, the month is already finished, but I wanted to do something horror related, because it's something I've never explored solo and because I think that it requires a different mindset from the typical fantasy RPG (which is also true for group games). I finally settled on using, actually, an idea I got from real life. Every door in my building is painted wine red. There are two doors next to mine: one leads to an empty apartment, and I had no idea where the other one lead to, because the space behind it was too small to be another flat. I, honestly, didn't pay much attention to it. It was always closed, too, so there wasn't much to see, either way. Until one day, when I was leaving to go to work, I saw it was open. The lock had been broken, but it was only ever so slightly open. Through the crack, I could see an empty, unpainted, dirty cubicle with old tools and paint. It was probably an old storage room for the building's janitor. Nevertheless, the first moment I discovered it open, it unnerved me. And everyday I saw it, slightly open, until it was fixed and closed again, I felt uneasy walking past it. Thus, when thinking about an original horror game to set up, I recalled about that door! What would happen if strange things had started happening in my flat once the red door was opened? Well, that's what I'm going to try to discover in this game. And I hope you discover it with me.

## Ruleset and tools

I'll be using Fate Accelerated for the mechanics (because this is, probably, not going to be a game in which tactical battles come up a lot), with Mythic Variations II and the Universal NPC Emulator as my main solo tools. I will also use, heavily, the Solo Investigator's Handbook, both for the Story Driver and for the different random tables. If I use other oracles or random tables I'll specify it.

## Character

I'm going to play as Philip Rosencrantz. I generated him using UNE, you can find his stats [here]( {{< ref "/post/red-door/philip-rosencrantz" >}} ). He's a union lawyer that lives on his own with his dog Jupiter in a large, nondescript city. He's probably been involved in some cases of corruption, probably having accepted bribes sometimes, but he considers himself an idealistic guy, that is fighting against the big companies by protecting poor workers. And he may have been a bit of a medium when he was a kid. Or not, he really does not remember and his mother changed the topic when he brought it up, so, who knows. Overall, he's a loner with an idealistic spirit crushed by the system. I hope he's not too destroyed at the end of this trip.

## Sessions

Here's the list of the sessions I've played, for now:

- [Session 1]( {{< ref "/post/red-door/2019-11-03-a-red-door-session-1" >}} )

